reetings! On behalf of the faculty, staff, and students of the Department of
Computer Science, we welcome you! These are exciting times for computer
scientists as the discipline is now widely recognized as an essential source of
tools and techniques for advancements in nearly all spheres of human endeavor.

Formed in 1962, the department has gone through transformations led over the
years by Sam Conte, Peter Denning, John Rice, Ahmed Sameh, Susanne Hambrusch,
and Aditya Mathur. These leaders, with support from faculty, staff, students,
administrators, and our generous alumni and corporate partners, have built a
strong foundation on which we are now ready to face the challenges ahead.  The
new Lawson Computer Science Building is a testimony to the successful efforts
of many a group of forward looking people.

Through excellence in research, teaching, and service our dedicated faculty has
distinguished itself in the core areas of computer science and in many related
multi-disciplinary areas. We continue to stress diversity in our hiring - and
strongly support the creation of a diverse workforce through our student
recruiting and retention programs.

The future holds many challenges. The architecture of computers that we deal
with everyday is changing: multi-core processors are here and are fast
replacing the single-CPU/single-core desktop and laptop. Entertainment in the
form of games, films, and music now relies heavily on high performance
computing. Computer hardware and software pervades devices and equipment that
we use everyday and has thus become the primary source of flexible and varied
functionality - and hence a key driver of the global economy. Projects of
national and global importance in science and engineering seek computer science
as an essential means for advancement and service. Our faculty and staff work
tirelessly to provide flexible, attractive, and relevant education at the
undergraduate and graduate levels to generate the workforce capable of meeting
these varied challenges.

We welcome you to browse through the departmental web site. Whether you are a
student, a parent, an alum, a corporate partner, or a colleague, we want to
hear from you. Your comments and suggestions will help us move to the next
level and provide us with encouragement to maintain excellence.
